---
layout: null
---

Session tunes
=============

A collection of tunes for the Wellington Irish session.

A static website
----------------

This is a static website that use Jekyll to process files and generate the
website. Each tune is included as a markdown file in the `_tunes` collection.

An example of the front-matter for the Connaughtman's Rambles, in the file
`_tunes/connachtmans-rambles.md`, is given below.

Use the webpage:

 * <http://wellington.session.nz/createMD>

to supply similar information to add new tunes to the collection. Put an MP3
file that matches the one generated by the script in the `mp3` folder in order
for the audio to play.
```
---
title: Connaughtman's Rambles
key: C
rhythm: jig
date: 2017-02-14
location: Wellington
tags:
mp3_file: /mp3/connaughtmans-rambles.mp3
mp3_source: Adrian Barker and Ben Stephenson
mp3_licence: "© Adrian Barker and Ben Stephenson. All Rights Reserved."
mp3_url: https://thesession.org/recordings/2011
source: Wellington
abc_source: The Session
abc_url: https://thesession.org/tunes/19
abc: |
    X:1
    T:The Connaughtman's Rambles
    R:jig
    M:6/8
    L:1/8
    K:Cmaj
    |:EGG cGG|AGG cGF|EGG ced|cAA AGF|
    EGG cGG|AGG cde|fed ced|1cAA AGF:|2 cAA A3||
    |:eaa ege|edc dcd|eaa ege|edc d3|
    eaa ege|edc cde|fed ced|1 cAA A3:|2 cAA AGF||
---
```

Loading changes to live website
-------------------------------

Once you've pushed updates to the **Branch: master** these changes need to be incorporated to the
**Branch: gh-pages**.

Using the website:

 * <https://github.com/slow-session/wellington.session.nz>

 you can issue a **Pull** request to get the changes from the **master** branch into the **gh-pages** branch.

  * Select the button **New pull request**
  * You should now see a screen headed **Compare changes**
  * Set *base:* to **gh-pages** and *compare:* to **master**
    * **Make sure you get these in the right order otherwise you'll downgrade the master branch to be the same as the gh-pages branch**
  * If you're happy that the changes should be committed to the live website, press **Create pull request**
    * You should see a message like: *asjl  wants to merge 1 commit into gh-pages from master*
  * Choose **Merge pull request** and then **Confirm Merge**
    * You should see a message like: *asjl  merged 1 commit into gh-pages from master 12 seconds ago*
  * Check the website <http://wellington.session.nz/> to make sure the changes are correct.

Open source
-----------

This code open source (released under the licence at:

 * <https://github.com/slow-session/wellington.session.nz/blob/master/LICENSE>

You are very welcome to copy the code and customise it for your own purposes.
